---
layout: post
title: vcards In Mozilla Thunderbird
category: blog
created: 1237599771
---
Lately, I have been constantly switching between both operating systems and mail
clients. I became quite fond of [Kontact](http://kontact.kde.org/), KDE's PIM
suite, long ago. The only thing that stopped me from switching over to it full
time was its lack of support for HTML signatures. As of the KDE 4 release of
Kontact, support has been added for HTML signatures. I decided to make the
switch back to Kontact earlier this week.

<!--more-->

One of the many things I have liked about Kontact over
[Mozilla Thunderbird](http://en-us.www.mozillamessaging.com/en-US/) is its
support for vcards. A vcard is essentially a digital business card that can be
attached to outgoing mail messages. While Thunderbird has built in support for
reading vcards you have received and sending your vcard, it does not have
support for importing and exporting vcard files.

Using vcards for your address book makes it easy to share contact information
with others. If a co-worker needs somebody's contact information, I can simply
send them the vcard. This contains not only their name and email address, but
potentially phone numbers, addresses, instant messengers, birthdays, etc. We do
not use a shared address book for company contacts at WorkXpress. We do store
all of the necessary information inside of our own application, but that's not
always convenient when using an email client. While the sales and customer
service teams may be consistently logged into the application, I am not. As a
developer, its not often that I have to send emails outside of the company,
especially to customers.

So why doesn't Thunderbird have better support for vcards?  I'm not entirely
sure. It's a standard format that other email clients utilize (_Note: I do not
use Outlook so I am not sure if it supports vcards_). Today I was on a mission
to find better support for Thunderbird. A quick search for vcard at
<https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/thunderbird/> turned up few results, none of
which were what I was looking for. Then I turned to google where I found
[MoreFunctionsForAddressBook](http://nic-nac-project.de/~kaosmos/morecols-en.html),
a plug-in which adds support for importing and exporting vcards. You can even
export an entire address book in vcf format (a collection of vcards). This
plug-in also adds more Fields to the Thunderbird Address Book entries, including
birthdays and photos.

For more information on vcards, visit <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VCard>.
