---
layout: post
title: 'The Records of Neurion Arkanith: Entry One'
category: neurion-arkanith
permalink: /:categories/:title
created: 1260678243
---
It has been some time since I last recorded my journeys, but at the prodding of
Sovellis and Charin I have decided to begin anew. As I completed my previous
journal and left it on Nerina's ship for safe keeping, I will begin documenting
our adventure in the Temple of Elemental Evil into this new journal. Hopefully
somebody will find this useful some day. At the very least, it should satisfy
Sovellis and Charin. Sovellis has not been too bad, he seems to genuinely want
to help me reconnect with my Elven heritage. I'm starting to think that Charin
is just a nan' assa.

<!--more-->

We cleared more rooms on the first subteranan level of the temple today. As I
entered one room in particular to search for hidden passgeways, of which there
seem to be an abundance of here, Sovellis and Charin warned me that I should
proceed with a bit more trpidation. As Charin entred the room to stomp a skull
that he feared would come to life only to be attacked by a snake. As Sovellis
pulled him out of the way, I gave the snake a good blast with Lance of
Disruption. A bit excessive I must admit, but as the Humans wold say, it was
wicked awesome. Still, it was not enough to fell the snake and it was finished
off by my band mates. The hole I tore in the temple altered some other foes that
we were not expectng, but we dealt with them quickly.

As we continued to explore the temple, we ran into our good friend Oceanus (or
O.C. Anus, as Tormac has taken to calling him). With him was a young lady I had
not encountered before, thought Charin and Sovellis seemed to recognize her. She
was dressed in garb that would indicate she was a member of the Black Crow
Society; though she quickly informed us that she was no longer in league with
them. We allowed her to join us for the time being, though I'm still sceptical
of the decision.

We then discovered a rather large room with two columns in the middle that
seemed quite suspicious from the start. We noticed some alcoves high on the
wall, but it was too dark to make anything out. I sent my pseudodragon to get a
better look and he could oly see the glowing eyes looking back at him. Before I
had a chance to warn the others a portcullis dropped, leaving part of our party
trapped in the room with the rest of us outside. With his great strength, Charin
was able to list the portcullis and allow the rest of us entry to the room where
we quickly dealt with the harpies that had emerged from the alcoves.

We cleared some ghouls from an ajoining room and discovered a priest's chambers.
Unfortunately, whomever was in the chambers heard us coming and was able to
escape through a secret passage into the harpy lair before we were able to catch
him. We returned to the harpy lair and clear the remaing adjoining room before
it was time for us to have a serious discussion with Drussus.

Sovellis informed us all that Drussus had apparently been haporing not one, but
two slimes! I fear the situation with his brain infection may be more serious
than we thought. Oceanus had brought a remedy for him that should help to
alleviate the symptoms, though he had yet to take it. With Sovellis' help,
Drussus was able to rid himself of the slimes and ingest the remedy.

We have found what we believe to be a safe room to rest, which is excellent news
as I have spent the majority of my spells. I must mediate now, and prepare for
whatever else lies in wait for us.
