---
title: 'Entry Five'
created: 1430595900
date: 2015-05-02
---
As I looked around, I noticed that Charin was carrying the rogue. Apparently, in the heat of battle, he picked her up
and carried her to the room we had previously cleared in order to retrieve some non-magical weapon. Of course, by the
time he had returned we had already defeated the Jellies. At this point, we were all exhausted and decided we should get
some rest and deal with Drussis' friend.

We returned to the room that we've been using for rest. I held the door, preventing anyone from coming in or going out.
We discussed what we should do with the rogue. Arleana had some pretty strong opposition to healing and waking her, but
we came to an agreement to disarm her first. The information that she may have had was of too much importance, and she
hadn't tried to kill us since we got here, so that was good enough reason for me to wake her.

It turned out I was right, she was able to tell us what happened to her and where we could likely find the remainder of
her former colleagues. We took our time to rest and meditate before heading back downstairs.

When we arrived back in the room where we had previously encountered the minotaur, there were now two Trolls. I was able
to use Lance of Disruption on both of them to help weaken them, and the rest of the team was able to dispatch them
fairly easily. Drussis had the excellent idea to raise one of the Troll corpses to bring with us.

We moved back out into the hallway where we fought the Jellies. We moved down a hallway to the right that our new rogue
friend informed us would lead to the octagon shaped room where we would find the Black Crow Society. We found the door
to the room the be untrapped and unlocked. We also found some secret doors, one of which led to a small room that looked
like it hadn't been used in ages and appeared to lead to a secret door in the room we were headed to. Before entering
the room, we thought it would be best to check the hallway on the other side to see if there were any more secret rooms.
We found none, but Wonnlion was able to unlock the other door to the room.

At this point we took the time to plan our next move. We decided that Wonnlion and the rogue would hide in the secret
room, which Drussis and the troll waiting outside the main entrance in that same hallway. I left my pseduodragon behind
so that I could see what was going on and inform the others as we waited behind the door in the other hallway. We
planned to have the Troll walk in first, followed by us while the Black Crows were occupied, and finally Wonnlion and
the rogue entering through the secret door to remain hidden.

When the troll opened the door, we found the Black Crow Society speaking with an elderly gentleman. I recognized the man
as the old man that Iuz's image was flickering between when we encountered him last. He made it clear that he knew we
were there, so we opened our door. When I saw Iuz myself, he was the young man in the bandanna, but I was still seeing
the old man through my familiar's eyes. Iuz continued to taunt us, but as usual, was too cowardly to face us himself.
Instead, he handed Nimsul a mushroom and held our Troll. I immediately had images of Robert Shrier and the mushroom tha
Iuz gave him.

After Iuz disappeared, Nimsul attempted to convince us that we were the bad guys. When we refused to submit, he shoved
the mushroom into his own forehead and turning into some sort of shadow creature. It was time for battle.

Nimsul disappear and reappeared before Charin, dealing him quite a blow. I cast a web, trapping two of the Black Crows
(including their priest). I sent my pseduodragon after their mage and he was able to strike and poison him easily,
dispatching the mage for the rest of the fight. The fight continued for some time, with Nimsul constantly disappearing
and reappearing elsewhere. After we had felled their priest, Nimsul was somehow able to resurrect her as another shadow
creature.

This was the hardest battle we had fought yet. Nimsul took a lot of damage, including a Lance of Disruption, before
finally going down. He didn't go down quietly either. Much like Robert Shier, when he was felled he exploded. Dealing
damage to most of our team and knocking many of us out, myself included.
