---
title: 'Entry Two'
created: 1423335120
date: 2015-02-07
---
![Earth elementals](/assets/images/neurion-arkanith/EarthElementals.jpg){: .image-center }

As we traveled further into the temple, we discovered a set of jail cells. Three of them contained what appeared to be
humans. However, when we attempted to speak to them they remain ed motionless and unresponsive; this should have been
our first sign that some thing was amiss. In one of the opposing cells we discovered a gnome by the name of Wonnlion
being held captive. After releasing him, he asked to join us as he searched for his equipment. Most of the group was
hesitant, but I felt that the more help we had the better off we would be.

We then explored the secret door we had discovered earlier. We found a small alcove that apparently belonged to the
guard that we already dispatched, along with Wonnlion`s equipment. We also discovered that the rear of the cells that
held the humans were In fact doors. Upon opening one, we found that they actually held zombits. We were able to deal
with them quickly. In the process, we learned that our nwe friend was qunite a capable fighter, if not a little
headstrong. 

At this point, I had spend most of my spells, as had the majority of the group. We retreated to a small room we had
previously explored and sealed ourselves inside to rest. During Tormac's watch, some men came pounding on the door but
where unable to make their way in. Aside from this, our rest passed uneventfully.

After we completed our rest, we continued to explore the first floor of the temple. In one particular room, we
discovered a large pit a precarious looking walkway above it. We travled over the pit but found nothing of interest. As
we made our way back of the pit, Drussus triggered a trap that dropped him into the pit. Almost immediately, he was
swarmed by rats. He struggled valiently, but as he was already prone, he was overcome quite quickly. Sovellis and Charin
each summoned orbs of fire to deal with the rats while Tormac and Dalthek pulled Drussus from the pit using one of
Tormac's ropes. I supervised.

Now we had almost cleared this entire floor. This was only a small area left that we had been avoiding and decided to go
investigate. We walked in on a group that was apparently prepared for us. However, they were expecting us to come from
the other direction! We were able to dispatch them quickly with a little help from my Lance of Disruption. (Note: How
this temple is still standing after my repeated blasts is beyond even my comprehension.) After clearing the few
connected rooms, we began searching for loot. Oceanus checked a chest for traps and was reasonable certain he succeed.
However, upon opening the box he was greeted by a poisoned spike and fell dead on the spot. We were stunned. Although he
had not been with us for very long and said very little, Oceanus was still one of us. As much as we would have liked to
take his body to be resurrected immediately, we knew that our mission was more important. We secured his body behind a
sealed door and moved on. Vowing to return for him once our mission was complete.

Finally, we entered the last room on this floor. One we had been avoiding for all this time due to some foreboding
arrows on the ground that lead to this room. Once there, we discovered a pyramid like structure in the middle and some
numbers on the floor in each corner. Suddenly, four large elementals appeared in each corner of the room. We immediately
began to battle with the closest one. The others, however, did not even seem to notice us. They continued to walk
through the series of numbers on the floor. Starting with one and working their way up. Concerned about what might
happened if they all reached four, I chose to cast lance of disruption one both the current one we were fighting and the
one behind it when they were lined up. The second one then joined the fight.

As we continued to battle the first two elementals, the others just continued their journey. They both finally reached
the number four, only to return to number one and start the whole process over again. After we had defeated the first
two elementals we moved onto the third and finally fourth before finding ourselves victorious. Our healers helped us to
regain some strength, but this had been a particularly taxing battle. We must rest now, as our next logical course of
action is to move on to the floor below us.
