---
layout: post
title: 'Entry Three'
created: 1425782820
date: 1425782820
---
![Earth elementals](/assets/images/neurion-arkanith/elf-grimoire.jpg){: .post-image .image-left }
After resting, we decided it would be wise to head back to Homlet before moving on to the second floor. We had been in
the temple for some time and needed to procure some provisions. This also gave us the opportunity to take Oceanus' body
to the church. If they are unable to resurrect him, perhaps they can find somebody who will or keep him safe until we
return.

We ascended to the top floor of the temple and approached the entrance. Upon opening the door and stepping outside, we
were blinded by the sun. We had been below ground for so long, I had almost forgotten how bright the sun could be. As
our eyes adjusted and the brightness faded, all was not what we had expected. Everything was dark, the trees seemed to
be dancing, and a familiar face greeted us from the trees. It was Iuz, but his image shifted from the young man with the
red bandana we had encountered before and an old man whom we had not seen.

It seemed we had once again entered Iuz's dream world. He spoke to us, though my mind has gone hazy and I have trouble
recalling his words. Then, in the blink of an eye, he was gone. The trees approached us, and it was time for battle. I
was able to approach the trees from the side and cast Lance of Disruption, dealing damage to a number of them. At this
point in the battle I noticed something quite peculiar, as if anything about this encounter was ordinary. Drussus and
Wonnlion were missing! I suspected that since Wonnlion had not encountered Iuz with us previously, he was saved from
this trouble we now found ourselves in. But Drussus had been there for all of our previous encounters with Iuz. I
surmise this is somehow related to the brain fungus that has infected him, which has me more worried about his fate, and
ours, than previously.

We dealt with the trees quite swiftly, and found ourselves back in the normal world. Apparently, to the outsiders we
appeared to have just frozen up. We awoke to found ourselves greeted by the Order of the Rosy Cross, sent by the church
to check on us. How nice. We informed them of our plans to return to Homlet for a short while and they assured us that
they would keep the floors we had already cleared in check until we returned. And with that, we started on our way.

The trip to Homlet was mostly uneventful. We encountered some wild animals that we were able to deal with swiftly and
arrived in Homlet unscathed.

We took Oceanusto the church and Sovellis spoke with Leita while Charin and I studied in the library. Before leaving for
the Inn, I paid the priest the money required to resurrect Oceanus.

We stayed in Homlet for a few days. I spent most of my time studying with Charin and Sovellis, though I did take the
time to send my Wand of Magic Missile out to be charged. I was told it would take four weeks and be sent directly to the
temple for me. During our studies, we were able to craft a number of new spells that I am looking forward to utilizing.

On our final night in Homlet, we performed a concert for the people we once saved from Iuz's influence. They crowd was
wonderful and the concert was quite success. We turned in for the night, prepared to head back to the temple in the
morning.

Our return trip was even more uneventful than the trip to Homlet. We arrived at the temple and the commander from the
Order of the Rosy Cross informed us that there had been a few incursions, but nothing that they couldn't handle.

We descended to the second floor, prepared to anything we might encounter. Good thing we were, as our first encounter
was with a Minotaur. We dispatched of him quickly and moved into a small hallway with guards that did not seem to be
expecting us. After disposing of them, we found ourselves drained already and decided we should rest before moving on.
