---
layout: post
title: 'Entry Four'
created: 1425782820
date: 1429384260
---
![Earth elementals](/assets/images/neurion-arkanith/ochre-jelly.jpg){: .post-image .image-left }
After resting, we returned to the second floor of the temple. We passed through a secret door we had encountered
earlier, where we encountered a group of bandits. Charin and Drussus were able to render most of the group unconscious,
allowing us to focus on the few that remained. As the rest of the group was already engaged with my fellow adventurers,
I decided to deal with some of the trash that was left behind. As I was dealing the final blow to one of the unconscious
bandits, one of the leaders appeared from a door directly across from me. Apparently, seeing me bash one of his men with
my staff was too much for him as he charged me from the door and delivered quite a blow. I was able to retreat and
attack from a distance.

We finally felled the remaining bandits and their leaders. Although a bit worse for wear, I was still standing and
Drussis was able to heal me up easily. We searched the rooms and found a chest in one of the adjoining rooms. Wonnlion
inspected the chest for traps and believed it to be clear, but his lack of confidence led us to believe otherwise. None
of us were willing to touch the chest, so Drussis and I devloped a plan to attempt opening it without any danger to
ourselves.

While the others prepared some food they had found, Drussis and I moved one of the bandit corpses into the room with the
chest. Drussis was able to raise the corpse and order him to kick the chest after we had safely left the room. It was a
good thing we hadn't attempted to open the chest ourselves, as the chest released a poisinous gas once it was kicked.
After it had cleared, we were able to open the chest and obtain the treasure within.

After eating, we moved on until we found ourselves in a large, open hallway. I was hessitant to move forward, as there
were many places where we could be ambushed from. Still, we continued to move down the hallway where we encountered a
large door, chained and barred with the same ruins we have seen on the other sealed doors. Drussis and I were the only
ones who were able to look at, so I had to describe the door to others. At this point, I don't think anybody was
surprised to find one of these.

At the end of the hallway, we saw what appeared to be the body of a woman. A closer inspection confirmed that it was
Drussis' rogue friend. She was laying unconscious and seemed to be near death. We felt it best to carry her back to the
room where we had been resting so that Drussis could attempt to heal her.

As we turned to head back down the hallway where we had come, we encountered an Ochre Jelly. Sovellis launched two magic
missiles at the Jelly and it immediately split into two additional Jellies. We now faced three Jellies, each of which
appeared to be identical. Not only did the attack split the Jelly, it also seemed to deal no damage. At this point, I
was hesitant to use any of my magic against these foes. My fear was realised when Dalthak struck one of the Jellies with
an enchanted weapon and it split into an additional Jelly. It was clear that our magic was usueless, and, largely, so
was I.

As the others drew their non-magical weapons, I felt like all I coud do was stand back and watch. Just when I thought
there was nothing I could do, Drussis offered me his sling. I rushed over to him, grabbed it off his back, and started
towards the enemy. I kept at maximum distance for the sling to avoid counterattack, though it was still too close to my
liking. It took more time than we were used to, but we finally defeated each of the Jellies.
